docs: Add 'Customizing library models for Rust' documentation (#21727)
github/codeql: docs/codeql/codeql-language-guides/codeql-for-rust.rst

   basic-query-for-rust-code
   codeql-library-for-rust
   analyzing-data-flow-in-rust
   customizing-library-models-for-rust

-  :doc:`Basic query for Rust code <basic-query-for-rust-code>`: Learn to write and run a simple CodeQL query.

-  :doc:`CodeQL library for Rust <codeql-library-for-rust>`: When analyzing Rust code, you can make use of the large collection of classes in the CodeQL library for Rust.

-  :doc:`Analyzing data flow in Rust <analyzing-data-flow-in-rust>`: You can use CodeQL to track the flow of data through a Rust program to places where the data is used.

> -  :doc:`Customizing library models for Rust <customizing-library-models-for-rust>`: You can model the functions and methods that control data flow in any framework or library by using data extension files.

Reviewer: Lets use the same phrasing as for all the other languages:
```suggestion
-  :doc:`Customizing library models for Rust <customizing-library-models-for-rust>`: You can model frameworks and libraries that your codebase depends on using data extensions and publish them as CodeQL model packs.
```
